_docs/editor/setup.md, before:

---
pageid: editor-setup
title: Setup
layout: docs
permalink: /docs/editor/setup/
---

There are two supported platforms for Nuclide, [Linux](#linux) and [macOS](#mac).

> Nuclide can be installed on [Windows](#windows), but it is
> [not fully supported](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/issues/401).

These instructions are for installing the released package of Nuclide. For advanced users, you can
[build from source](/docs/advanced-topics/building-from-source), but this is not officially
supported and stability is not guaranteed.

* TOC
{:toc}

## Quick Install

Assuming you have met all the prerequisites for your platform, culminating with **Atom 1.7.4 or
greater** being installed, the easiest way to install Nuclide is either at the command line:

```bash
$ apm install nuclide
```

or within Atom itself:

1. Open Atom.
2. Choose `Atom | Preferences` (on Linux this will be
  `Edit | Preferences`) to bring up the `Settings` pane.
3. In the `Settings` pane, click on `Install`.
4. In the search box, type *Nuclide* and press the *Enter* key.
5. The package you are looking for is called `nuclide` and should be version `0.111.0` or greater.
6. Click the *Install* button for that package.

Otherwise, see your installation platform below for detailed installation instructions, including
prerequisites.

## Mac

### Prerequisites

Nuclide requires Atom 1.7.4+. You can follow the [instructions on the Atom website](https://atom.io/docs/v0.191.0/getting-started-installing-atom#atom-on-mac). Essentially,
if you go to Atom.io, there will be direct link to download Atom.

### Installation

Installing Nuclide is a one-line command at the command-line:

```bash
$ apm install nuclide
```

or you can go through the Atom Packages UI:

1. Open Atom.
2. Choose `Atom | Preferences` to bring up the `Settings` pane.
3. In the `Settings` pane, click on `Install`.
4. In the search box, type *Nuclide* and press the *Enter* key.
5. The package you are looking for is called `nuclide` and should be version `0.111.0` or greater.
6. Click the *Install* button for that package.

## Linux

### Prerequisites

Nuclide requires Atom 1.7.4+ (which requires Git). There are [instructions on the Atom website](https://atom.io/download/deb#atom-on-linux)
for installing Atom on Linux, but it doesn't mention the Git requirement.

Instead, follow the command line process below which shows you the installation of all the
necessary prerequisites, including Git.

This is an installation on Ubuntu. If you are using an RPM-based distro, you should replace the
`apt-get` commands with the appropriate `rpm` or `yum` commands. Depending on your permissions, you
may need to prefix these commands with `sudo`.

```bash
$ sudo apt-get update
# optional
$ sudo apt-get upgrade
$ sudo apt-get install git
$ wget https://atom.io/download/deb
$ mv deb atom-amd64.deb  
$ dpkg -i atom-amd64.deb
# Run atom from the command line if you want
$ atom
```

### Installation

Installing Nuclide is a one-line command at the command-line:

```bash
$ apm install nuclide
```

Or you can go through the Atom Packages UI to install Atom:

1. Open Atom.
2. Choose `Edit | Preferences` to bring up the `Settings` pane.
3. In the `Settings` pane, click on `Install`.
4. In the search box, type *Nuclide* and press the *Enter* key.
5. The package you are looking for is called `nuclide` and should be version `0.111.0` or greater.
6. Click the *Install* button for that package.

## Windows

Atom can be installed on Windows. Some features of Nuclide may work on Windows, but the full
Nuclide experience is [not yet supported](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/issues/321).

> There has been anecdotal success in getting basic [remote development](/docs/features/remote)
> functionality to work on Windows (seeing the directory tree, editing remote files, etc.). If you
> have [Hack](/docs/languages/hack) or [Flow](/docs/languages/flow) on a remote server, it is
> possible that you could get some of those language integrations to work as well. However, local
> projects seem to be very broken.

## Post Installation

After installation, running Atom will automatically load Nuclide.

### Recommended Packages

By default, Nuclide does not install all of the recommended packages that enhance the Nuclide
experience. This was done purposely in order to ensure that users have to opt-in to some features
rather than obtrusively modify their work environment.

Recommended packages include:

- [`tool-bar`](https://atom.io/packages/tool-bar) to enable the [Nuclide toolbar](/docs/features/toolbar/).
- [`sort-lines`](https://atom.io/packages/sort-lines) to enable sorting lines of text.
- [`language-ocaml`](https://atom.io/packages/language-ocaml) to enable [OCaml](/docs/languages/other/#ocaml) language syntax highlighting.
- [`language-babel`](https://atom.io/packages/language-babel) to enable language grammar for [JS, Flow and React JS](/docs/languages/flow/), etc.
- ...and [others](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/blob/master/package.json) under `package-deps`.

In order to install all of the recommended packages, go to
`Packages | Settings View | Manage Packages`, search for the `nuclide` package and click on
`Settings`.

You will find a checkbox allowing you enable the recommended settings.

![](/static/images/docs/editor-setup-recommended-packages.png)

### Installing Nuclide Server

If you want to use Nuclide for remote development, you'll also need to set up the npm `nuclide`
package. Instructions can be found in the [Remote Development docs](/docs/features/remote/).

### Other Installations

To benefit from all of Nuclide's features, we recommend you also install the following:

* [Flow](/docs/languages/flow/)
* [Hack](/docs/languages/hack/)
* [Mercurial](/docs/features/hg/)
* [Watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/) - version 3.2 or above. It must be in
  `/usr/local/bin/` or in your `$PATH` environment variable. Without Watchman, Nuclide will lose some functionality of
  its [Mercurial](/docs/features/hg), [Remote Development](/docs/features/remote), and
  [*Quick Open*](/docs/quick-start/getting-started/#quick-open) features.

Commit message:

Updated Linux commands and applied new formatting to other instructions.
Summary:
Updated the text to match the new formatting standard.

Changed the Linux install commands from

$ wget https://atom.io/download/deb
$ mv deb atom-amd64.deb
$ dpkg -i atom-amd64.deb

to

$ sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/atom
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install atom

per Task #13640298.
Closes https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/pull/756

Differential Revision: D3956574

Pulled By: JoelMarcey

fbshipit-source-id: dade87fb1094a45a05e753093db0b562bb4e4aa7

_docs/editor/setup.md, after:

---
pageid: editor-setup
title: Setup
layout: docs
permalink: /docs/editor/setup/
---

There are two supported platforms for Nuclide, [Linux](#linux) and [macOS](#mac).

> Nuclide can be installed on [Windows](#windows), but it is
> [not fully supported](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/issues/401).

These instructions are for installing the released package of Nuclide. For advanced users, you can
[build from source](/docs/advanced-topics/building-from-source), but this is not officially
supported and stability is not guaranteed.

* TOC
{:toc}

## Quick Install

Assuming you have met all the prerequisites for your platform, culminating with a version of Atom that is equal to or greater than that specified in [Atom's dependencies under "atom"](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/blob/master/package.json) being installed, the easiest way to install Nuclide is either at the command line:

```bash
$ apm install nuclide
```

or within Atom itself:

1. Open Atom.
2. Choose `Atom | Preferences` (on Linux this will be `Edit | Preferences`) to bring up the **Settings** tab.
3. In the **Settings** tab, and select **Install** from the list at the left.
4. In the search box, type "Nuclide" and press the `Enter` key.
5. Click the **Install** button for the `nuclide` package.

Otherwise, see your installation platform below for detailed installation instructions, including
prerequisites.

## Mac

### Prerequisites

Nuclide requires the version of Atom specified in [Atom's dependencies under "atom"](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/blob/master/package.json). You can follow the [instructions on the Atom website](https://atom.io/docs/v0.191.0/getting-started-installing-atom#atom-on-mac). Essentially,
if you go to Atom.io, there will be direct link to download Atom.

### Installation

Installing Nuclide is a one-line command at the command-line:

```bash
$ apm install nuclide
```

or you can go through the Atom Packages UI:

1. Open Atom.
2. Choose `Atom | Preferences` to bring up the **Settings** tab.
3. In the **Settings** tab, and select **Install** from the list at the left.
4. In the search box, type "Nuclide" and press the `Enter` key.
5. Click the **Install** button for the `nuclide` package.

## Linux

### Prerequisites

Nuclide requires the version of Atom specified in [Atom's dependencies under "atom"](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/blob/master/package.json) (which requires Git). There are [instructions on the Atom website](https://atom.io/download/deb#atom-on-linux) for installing Atom on Linux, but it doesn't mention the Git requirement.

Instead, follow the command line process below which shows you the installation of all the
necessary prerequisites, including Git.

This is an installation on Ubuntu. If you are using an RPM-based distro, you should replace the
`apt-get` commands with the appropriate `rpm` or `yum` commands. Depending on your permissions, you
may need to prefix these commands with `sudo`.

```bash
$ sudo apt-get update
# optional
$ sudo apt-get upgrade
$ sudo apt-get install git
$ sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/atom
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install atom
# Run atom from the command line if you want
$ atom
```

### Installation

Installing Nuclide is a one-line command at the command-line:

```bash
$ apm install nuclide
```

Or you can go through the Atom Packages UI to install Atom:

1. Open Atom.
2. Choose `Edit | Preferences` to bring up the **Settings** tab.
3. In the **Settings** tab, and select **Install** from the list at the left.
4. In the search box, type "Nuclide" and press the `Enter` key.
5. Click the **Install** button for the `nuclide` package.

## Windows

Atom can be installed on Windows. Some features of Nuclide may work on Windows, but the full
Nuclide experience is [not yet supported](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/issues/321).

> There has been anecdotal success in getting basic [remote development](/docs/features/remote)
> functionality to work on Windows (seeing the directory tree, editing remote files, etc.). If you
> have [Hack](/docs/languages/hack) or [Flow](/docs/languages/flow) on a remote server, it is
> possible that you could get some of those language integrations to work as well. However, local
> projects seem to be very broken.

## Post Installation

After installation, running Atom will automatically load Nuclide.

### Recommended Packages

By default, Nuclide does not install all of the recommended packages that enhance the Nuclide
experience. This was done purposely in order to ensure that users have to opt-in to some features
rather than obtrusively modify their work environment.

Recommended packages include:

- [`tool-bar`](https://atom.io/packages/tool-bar) to enable the [Nuclide toolbar](/docs/features/toolbar/).
- [`sort-lines`](https://atom.io/packages/sort-lines) to enable sorting lines of text.
- [`language-ocaml`](https://atom.io/packages/language-ocaml) to enable [OCaml](/docs/languages/other/#ocaml) language syntax highlighting.
- [`language-babel`](https://atom.io/packages/language-babel) to enable language grammar for [JS, Flow and React JS](/docs/languages/flow/), etc.
- ...and [others](https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/blob/master/package.json) under `package-deps`.

In order to install all of the recommended packages, go to
`Packages | Settings View | Manage Packages`, search for the `nuclide` package and click on
**Settings**.

You will find a checkbox allowing you enable the recommended settings.

![](/static/images/docs/editor-setup-recommended-packages.png)

### Installing Nuclide Server

If you want to use Nuclide for remote development, you'll also need to set up the npm `nuclide`
package. Instructions can be found in the [Remote Development docs](/docs/features/remote/).

### Other Installations

To benefit from all of Nuclide's features, we recommend you also install the following:

* [Flow](/docs/languages/flow/)
* [Hack](/docs/languages/hack/)
* [Mercurial](/docs/features/hg/)
* [Watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/) - version 3.2 or above. It must be in
  `/usr/local/bin/` or in your `$PATH` environment variable. Without Watchman, Nuclide will lose some functionality of
  its [Mercurial](/docs/features/hg), [Remote Development](/docs/features/remote), and
  [*Quick Open*](/docs/quick-start/getting-started/#quick-open) features.
